01. Write a program using both For and While Loop to perform the following serieses:
    i. print 1 to n
    ii. print n to 1
    iii. print a to z
    iv. print all even numbers and all odd numbers seperately
    v. find sum of 1 to 100
    vi. find sum of all even numbers and all odd numbers seperately

02. Write a program to print multiplication table of any number.

03. Write a program to:
    i. count number of digits in a number
    ii. find sum of first and last digit of a number
    iii. swap first and last digits of a number
    iv. calculate sum of digits of a number
    v. calculate product of digits of a number.
    vi. enter a number and print its reverse.

04. Write a program to check whether a number is palindrome or not.

05. Write a program to find frequency of each digit in a given integer.

06. Write a program to enter a number and print it in words.

07. Write a program to find all factors of a number.

08. Write a program to calculate factorial of a number.

09. Write a program to find:
    i. HCF (GCD) of two numbers.
    ii. LCM of two numbers.

10. Write a program to:
    i. check whether a number is Prime number or not
    ii. print all Prime numbers between 1 to n
    iii. find sum of all prime numbers between 1 to n

11. Write a program to find all prime factors of a number.

12. Write a program to:
    i. check whether a number is Armstrong number or not
    ii. print all Armstrong numbers between 1 to n

13. Write a program to:
    i. check whether a number is Perfect number or not
    ii. print all Perfect numbers between 1 to n

14. Write a program to:
    i. check whether a number is Strong number or not
    ii. print all Strong numbers between 1 to n

15. Write a program to print Fibonacci series up to n terms.

16. Write a program to find:
    i. one's complement of a binary number.
    ii. two's complement of a binary number.

17. Write a program to:
    i. convert Binary to Octal number system
    ii. convert Binary to Decimal number system
    iii. convert Binary to Hexadecimal number system
    iv. convert Octal to Binary number system
    v. convert Octal to Decimal number system
    vi. convert Octal to Hexadecimal number system
    vii. convert Decimal to Binary number system
    viii. convert Decimal to Octal number system
    ix. convert Decimal to Hexadecimal number system
    x. convert Hexadecimal to Binary number system
    xi. convert Hexadecimal to Octal number system
    xii. convert Hexadecimal to Decimal number system

18. Write a program to print Pascal triangle upto n rows.

19. Star pattern programs - . Write a program to print the given star patterns.
    ***
    TBA
    ***

20. Number pattern programs - . Write a program to print the given number patterns.
    ***
    TBA
    ***